If you want to find the Clear Spring Realm
At least tell me what he looks like.
I help you remember
What about Qingquan Realm?
It is a treasure handed down from ancient times
It is the secret to unlocking the great tomb of history
Once the reality is realized, it will definitely cause an uproar
Lost in a scuffle 30 years ago
And I, as one of the living patients at that time
I just know the taste.
Never seen it with my own eyes
It's hard for me to help you remember like this.
It's hard for me to help you.
You bluff me
Ah!
We don't know each other anymore
Otherwise, you will go looking for treasure again.
When you need leisure
I will appear naturally
Then you just need to share a little snack with me
No fee will do.
There must be today in the eyes of farting
How can secrecy be shared with others?
Kill me if you can and find me
Why don't you get oil and salt?
So what?
Just don't talk about it
The weak are not qualified to negotiate
Unless you hand over the ring
I can save your whole body
Otherwise, I'll take a picture of you to death.
It's the same again